Update 104-logical-operators.md (#1742)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/108-javascript-expressions-and-operators/104-logical-operators.md

> # Logical operators
> There are four logical operators in JavaScript: || (OR), && (AND), ! (NOT), ?? (Nullish Coalescing).
> 
> 
> https://javascript.info/logical-operators#:~:text=There%20are%20four%20logical%20operators,%2C%20%3F%3F%20(Nullish%20Coalescing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Logical Operators

There are four logical operators in JavaScript: `||` (OR), `&&` (AND), `!` (NOT), `??` (Nullish Coalescing).

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators#binary_logical_operators'>Logical Operators - MDN</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators#binary_logical_operators'>Logical Operators - MDN</BadgeLink>
```
